studio: further enhancements (#2510)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/create-view.md

# Create a View

You can create views from your Git repositories, just like the `Demo` view you
saw in the last section. To create a new view, follow these steps.

1. Sign into your [DVC Studio](https://studio.iterative.ai/) dashboard using
   GitHub, GitLab or Bitbucket.

2. Click on `Add a View`. All the organizations that you have access to will be
   listed.

> To create views from your GitHub repositories, you must install the DVC Studio
> GitHub app. Refer to the section on
> [GitHub app installation](#dvc-studio-github-app-installation) for more
> details.

3. Open the organization whose repository you want to connect to. You can also
   use the search bar to search directly for the repository. Click on the
   required repository to connect to it.

>    ![](https://static.iterative.ai/img/studio/select_repo_v2.png)

Reviewer: I don't think we need any of these `_v2` things

- we'd initially used `static.iterative.ai` because the images were WIP and we knew we'd change them
- now that they're finalised (I assume? #2469) we can put them in this repo as usual

CC @shcheklein related #93 <- #1115

Author: The reason I used _v2 is because I needed the images uploaded for testing locally. But didn't want to mess up the prod versions until the PR was reviewed and ready.

Author: Added to https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues/2515 for removing _v2 from the image filenames (after launch).

> 4. You will be able to specify additional settings for the connection.

Reviewer: other steps used imperative style so for consistency:

```suggestion
4. Specify additional connection settings if required.
```

   ![](https://static.iterative.ai/img/studio/view_settings_v2.png)

> In most scenarios, you can skip these additional View settings. Refer to the
> [View Settings](/doc/studio/view-settings) section for more details.

> You should now see that a view has been added in your dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now see that a View has been added in your dashboard.
```

If your project requires any of the advanced settings, then remember to
configure them by opening the View settings. Otherwise, your view may not work
as expected. To go to View settings, click on the
![](https://static.iterative.ai/img/studio/view_open_settings_icon_v2.png) icon
in the view. In the menu that opens up, click on `Settings`.

![](https://static.iterative.ai/img/studio/view_open_settings_v2.png)

## Share a view

You can share your views on the web. Simply click on the button labelled
`Private` next to the name of the view. In the menu that pops up, turn on
`Share to Web`.

![](https://static.iterative.ai/img/studio/view_share_v2.png)

You can change a shared (public) view and make it private by turning off

> `Share to web`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Share to Web`.
```

Reviewer: btw is "share to web" a better label than simply "share?"

"to web" implies there are other options ("by email?")

Author: `Share to web` is how the link appears on Studio. So, not changing it here. I think `Publish to web` may be a better option. But it needs to be changed in Studio first, before changing in the docs.

Reviewer 2: yep, create a ticket on in the `iterative/viewer` please. Good cath @casperdcl .

Author: Created https://github.com/iterative/viewer/issues/2098

## DVC Studio GitHub app installation

If you are using a GitHub account, you will have to install the DVC Studio

> GitHub app on your GitHub repositories / organizations that you want to use with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub app on the GitHub repositories/organizations that you want to use with
```

DVC Studio. When you try to create a view, if the app is not already installed,
DVC Studio will not be able to fetch the list of your GitHub repositories. In
this case, you will be prompted to configure Git integrations as shown below.

![](https://static.iterative.ai/img/studio/configure_git_integrations.png)

Click on the link to `Configure Git integrations settings`. This will open the
`Git integrations` section of your profile page.

![](https://static.iterative.ai/img/studio/configure_github.png)

Click on the `Configure` button, and you will be redirected to the GitHub page
to install and authorize the DVC Studio GitHub app.

> Note that you do not have to authorize DVC Studio on all the repositories in

> > your GitHub organization. You can limit access to only those repositories
> > which you want to use with DVC Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> your GitHub organization. You can limit access to only repositories that
> you want to use with DVC Studio.
```

  Enter the full file path, and specify whether the file is for `Metrics` or
  `Parameters`.

## DVC Studio GitHub app installation

If you are using a GitHub account, you will have to install the DVC Studio
GitHub app on your GitHub repositories / organizations that you want to use with
DVC Studio. When you try to create a view, if the app is not already installed,
DVC Studio will not be able to fetch the list of your GitHub repositories. In
this case, you will be prompted to configure Git integrations as shown below.

![](https://static.iterative.ai/img/studio/configure_git_integrations.png)

Click on the link to `Configure Git integrations settings`. This will open the
`Git integrations` section of your profile page.

![](https://static.iterative.ai/img/studio/configure_github.png)

Click on the `Configure` button, and you will be redirected to the GitHub page

> to install and authorize the DVC Studio GitHub app.

Reviewer 3: If there is time: it might also be good to document the steps that users can take on GitHub + add screenshots.

It might also be worthwhile to note that users can only give us access to the repositories they want to use with Studio. They don't have to grant us access to all repositories in their GitHub org if they don't want to.

Author: Thanks @duijf I've added a note regarding limiting the access to only the required repositories. 
Regarding documenting the steps to be taken on GH, I was thinking that since that part is external to us, maybe we should not add details/screenshots for that, coz we don't have control on if/when there's any change in that. What do you think?

Author: Added notes below for limiting access.

Reviewer 3: Cool! Thanks :)

Regarding screenshots: I feel like users might benefit from the additional docs more than what this would cost us in terms of maintenance.

While the UI on GitHub's side may change slightly, the main concepts should continue to apply. (If the flow changes in major ways, they will probably announce this somehow). Having the screenshots be slightly outdated won't be the end of the world I think + it's relatively quick to fix after we find out.

Your call though!

Author: Got it. I'll create a follow-up ticket to add more GH instructions/screenshots, coz I think it needs some restructuring - will be good to move this section into a new page, coz the current one is quite long already and has too many screenshots.

Reviewer 2: now it's a comment here https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues/2515
